Hi Tom, hi Mike. Have you got plans for the holiday? Are you going somewhere nice?
Yes, my family and I are going to Sangya. We go there every year. It's our favourite place.
Tom's coming with us.
I'm really looking forward to it. I've never been there before. What about you Becky?
We're staying at home this time. My grandparents are coming for a visit. I'm really excited.
It's been a long time since I saw them last.
Are you going to do anything special while they're here?
They want to see Beijing. My father only has one day off, so he'll take us all to the great wall.
Then my mother and I will take them all over the city. What about you Jane?
I'm taking my American friend to visit my family in Shang Chi province.